https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Florence2.git ComfyUI-Florence2
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI_MiniCPM-V-2_6-int4.git ComfyUI_MiniCPM-V-2_6-int4
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui_controlnet_aux.git comfyui_controlnet_aux
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Advanced-ControlNet.git ComfyUI-Advanced-ControlNet
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-BiRefNet-Hugo.git ComfyUI-BiRefNet-Hugo
https://github.com/solution9th/Comfyui_mobilesam.git Comfyui_mobilesam
https://github.com/solution9th/was-node-suite-comfyui.git was-node-suite-comfyui
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Impact-Pack.git ComfyUI-Impact-Pack
https://github.com/solution9th/efficiency-nodes-comfyui.git efficiency-nodes-comfyui
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui-inpaint-nodes.git comfyui-inpaint-nodes
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-WD14-Tagger.git ComfyUI-WD14-Tagger
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui-tooling-nodes.git comfyui-tooling-nodes
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI_HFDownLoad.git ComfyUI_HFDownLoad
https://github.com/solution9th/masquerade-nodes-comfyui.git masquerade-nodes-comfyui
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui-mixlab-nodes.git comfyui-mixlab-nodes
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Openpose-Editor-Plus.git ComfyUI-Openpose-Editor-Plus
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-AdvancedLivePortrait.git ComfyUI-AdvancedLivePortrait
https://github.com/solution9th/Comfyui_cgem156.git cgem156
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-YOLO.git ComfyUI-YOLO
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Custom-Scripts.git ComfyUI-Custom-Scripts
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Universal-Styler.git ComfyUI-Universal-Styler
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Easy-Use.git ComfyUI-Easy-Use
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui-lama-remover.git comfyui-lama-remover
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui-gpt-agent.git comfyui-gpt-agent
https://github.com/solution9th/comfyui-mediapipe.git comfyui-mediapipe
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI_Custom_Nodes_AlekPet.git ComfyUI_Custom_Nodes_AlekPet
https://github.com/solution9th/ComfyUI-Impact-Subpack.git ComfyUI-Impact-Pack/impact_subpack
